hey whats up guys its I ps3 master today
I'm going to show you how to get free
free music on your ps3 download straight
to ps3 if you don't know how to do it ok
you want to go to in that browser ok
sorry you can't see too well I'll try to
get it cleared ok cross start and go to
the website called be mp3.com it's
beemp3.com ok you go there
and it should look like this okay I
don't know why you can see that but
right here you have songs artists albums
and all so I normally just keep it at
all now let's get a song you can look up
basically anything all right um and put
this down really quick so I can get a
song going hopefully you can see that
ok
I just booked up so crispy okay now
seems that you did page like this and
it's going to add you can scroll down
there's going to be different ones you
can go to let's go back up this only has
one ok so now you click on or it says
file if you click on the power source
file the song name ball a lot so we
click on that this to another page now
let it load all the way now you want to
go here to the side ok I got a message
ok and then you want to put in that code
right there and this little space right
here you just click in here and then use
put it in there let me put that in
really quick
LOL oh okay put it in there press
download mp3 okay now you go where it
says right next to download you press
triangle you go down to file save target
okay and then it goes you're saving it
to your hard disk save it to your hard
disk and it's downloading you can put it
in background do whatever you got to do
but it's downloaded download complete
back out let's go to my music go down
okay
if you knew that playing it so you can
just get all your go look at all the
music you want download as much as you
want doesn't really matter and then I
just showed you how to do it so it's
beamis be mp3.com and that's basically
it thanks for watching